BackendTLSPolicy GEP - add Implementation-specific behavior (#4381)
kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api: geps/gep-1897/index.md

// Support: Extended
type BackendTLSPolicySpec struct {
	// TargetRefs identifies an API object to apply the policy to.
	//
	// Support Levels:
	//
	// * Extended: Kubernetes Service referenced by HTTPRoute backendRefs.
	//
	// * Implementation-Specific: Any Service or other resource, regardless of
	//   Route association. Implementations MAY use BackendTLSPolicy for:
	//   - Services not referenced by any Route (e.g., infrastructure services)
	//   - Gateway feature backends (e.g., ExternalAuth, rate-limiting services)
	//   - Service mesh workload-to-service communication
	//   - Other resource types beyond Service
	//
	// When applied to Services or resources not referenced by Routes, the behavior

> 	// is implementation-specific. Implementations SHOULD clearly document how

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	// Implementations SHOULD aim to ensure that BackendTLSPolicy behavior is consistent,
    // even outside of the extended HTTPRoute -> Service path. They SHOULD clearly document how
```
